README.md, before:

# GOTWrapper

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/GOT_wrapper`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'GOT_wrapper'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install GOT_wrapper

## Usage

you can grab data of 400 different houses from a `.all` method:

```ruby
GOTWrapper::House.all
```

you will get a array of 400 houses, and you can call `.name` `.region` `.words` on your house element.


## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/GOT_wrapper. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

you can find by house name

README.md, after:

# GOTWrapper

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/GOT_wrapper`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'GOT_wrapper'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install GOT_wrapper

## Usage

you can grab data of 400 different houses from a `.all` method:

```ruby
GOTWrapper::House.all
```

you will get a array of 400 houses, and you can call `.name` `.region` `.words` on your house element.


you can grab data of a single house by a `.find_by(house_name)` method:

```ruby
GOTWrapper::House.find_by("House Stark")
```
house_name must be both uppercase with a space inside


## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/GOT_wrapper. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
